HELLO MY FRIENDS AND WELCOME TO THE FINAL practical activity of this Part 3 on a classification.
We're about to find out if we can beat the record accuracy we've got so far which is 93 percent in which
was obtained with both the K nearest neighbor and the colonel SVM and we're about to find out if we
can beat that with random forest regression.
So I can't wait to see.
I actually am not sure whether we're going to beat it.
So there we go.
Let us discover this together.
So first let us make sure everyone here is on the same page.
This is the folder containing all the codes and data sets and of which I give you the link in the previous
tutorial in the article.
So make sure to connect to that link and now we're all gonna go into Part 3 classification to implement
the final classification model of this Part 3 The Random Forest classification model.
All right.
And we're gonna start with Python Of course.
And inside this fall they will get the same two files for as the implementation of this classification
moral and the social network at dataset which contains 400 observations corresponding to 400 customers.
Each row is a customer and for each of them we get the two features age an estimated salary with which
we're going to predict this dependent variable per chase which tells if yes or no.
Each customer bought an SUV from this car dealership and then once we train this model to understand
the correlations between these two features and the dependent variable vector we will be able to predict
which new customers will buy that brand new SUV just released by this car company and therefore will
be able to target the best way our customers through beautiful ads on social networks.
All right so let's do this.
Let's start the implementation random forest classification and let's open this with either Google collaboratively
or duper notebook.
Wherever is your favorite.
All right so right now it is opening the notebook loading it laying it out.
And here is the random forest classification implementation which results once again from that classification
template we made in the first section on logistic regression.
So all these sales here are exactly the same as in logistic regression you know with the same variable
names and everything except this cell where we build and train the XXX classification model here the
random forest classification model.
So we're going to re implement that cell and since this is an read only mode so that you can all access
it well we're going to create a copy of this file by clicking here and save a copy in drive.
This creates a copy and there we go.
We will be able to re implement that cell to train our random forest classification model on the training
set.
All right.
So first let's remove that cell and now now is the time where you're gonna press pause on the video
to of course implement this yourself and also to learn how to be independent in machine learning and
learn how to get familiar with that psychic learn API which is the way you're going to find the information
you need right now to build this random forest classification model.
All right.
So let's do this together.
Let's go to the API and let's find that class that we need to build a random forest classification model.
All right.
So here as opposed to before we won't find the module we need easily you know by scrolling down for
example down to random forest because know the name of the module is not random forest as it was the
case with the previous classification models.
This time it's actually right here it is and symbol method in the name of the module is exactly.
And symbol so that's where you had to find but you know if you looked for it by scrolling down that's
fine because really I want you to get familiar with the cyclone API.
And so now the question is among all these and symbol method where is the one we want.
Well that's of course this one random forest classifier.
Hard to miss right.
So we're going to click this link and there we go.
This is the random forest class bio class with all the parameters so check them out.
We won't enter all of them.
But let me tell you right now the ones who will enter the first and most important one is the first
one actually an estimated which is of course the number of trees you want to have in your random forest
classifier.
Right.
Number of trees in the forest.
Then once again will choose another value of the criterion that in order to be aligned with what you
learned in the theory you know with rules intuition lectures he taught you about the random forest classification
model with the entropy criterion.
So we're going to select this and that's it.
No more parameters you know for the other parameters here we'll just keep the default values.
However we will just add a random state parameter and set its value to zero just so that we can have
the same results displayed on our notebook.
All right.
So first let's copy this.
You know the name of the class in the module right on copying is going back to our implementation creating
a new code cell here.
Pasting that and then remember we have to start from.
So from the cycle learn library then from the assemble module the secondary library and then remember
we need to adhere import.
Well that random forest classifier which will allow us to build this random forest classification model.
And speaking of building it Well that's exactly our next step here.
We're going to build the classifier through this classifier variable which will be nothing else than
the instance of the random forest classifier.
Class therefore nothing else than the random forest classifier model itself.
So here I am copying this and pasting it right here adding some parentheses.
And there we go.
Now let's add are two parameters.
You know the ones of which we're changing the default values.
The first one is an S T maters.
So that's number of trees in the forest.
The default value is actually one hundred but it will be totally fine with 10 estimates you know 10
trees in the forest.
Why is that.
That's because our dataset is actually quite simple.
It only contains two features and only 400 customers you know 400 observations.
So we will definitely be fine with only 10 trees in the forest.
All right.
And feel free to try other numbers if you wish.
All right then as we said we want to get the same criterion as India into which lecturers meaning and
trippy with the information gain.
So there we go.
Let's add criterion equals in quote entropy.
Great.
And then finally that final parameter random on this course date to which we set the value zero.
Perfect.
And now final step you know it by heart classifier then from this classifier we call the fit method
which will train the classifier only built so far onto the training set composed of the two arguments
we have to input here which are X train for the matrix of features of the training set and then why
train for the dependent variable vector of the same training set.
And that's in my friends.
Now we're about to find out if we can beat that record accuracy of ninety three percent.
I actually have a good feeling about this.
We might beat it but let's not talk too fast.
We never know what's going to happen.
So first let's upload the data said by clicking this fully here.
Let's upload it in the notebook.
So right now as usual you know same story the color notebook is connecting to a runtime to enable file
browsing on your machine and we'll get the upload button in a second.
There we go.
So let's click it and let's go where we have our machinery.
It is that folder.
There it is.
Mine is on my machine.
So we're going to go inside and part three classification then Section 20 random forest classification
the last classification model of this part.
Graduations again for making such huge progress with this course.
There we go inside and python and then social network at that CSC let's open it.
And now we're very close to the final result you know to the final discovery of whether we're going
to beat yes or no.
The record accuracy of 93 percent.
There we go let's click runtime here and then let's click Run 0 to build and train again the random
forest classification.
Here we go we have it now and our future prediction.
So let's see let's see let's see what we get first.
That prediction of the protease decision that single customer of age 30 an eighty seven thousand dollars
estimate his salary is correct.
Right.
Because in reality this customer didn't buy the SUV.
And now with the test results let's call back up here and let's see but what we have.
So all this is correct here correct one incorrect prediction here.
Two other incorrect reasons here.
Oh maybe we won't beat it.
You know let's see directly if we build it and well actually no.
Wow.
OK.
I'm very surprised.
I thought we had a chance to beat it.
I hope you're not too disappointed.
But indeed we didn't beat that record accuracy of ninety three percent because indeed with the random
forest we get 91 percent.
Let's try to tune you know this is not our final word.
Let's try to tune a bit.
The number of estimates is maybe we can get a better one.
Let's try for example the default value of one hundred.
But you know I don't think we will even improve that because we might yet anyway overfishing and this
will not help of course for the predictions of new observations in the test set.
But anyway let's try.
Let's run all again.
So this will rebuild and retrain your random forest classification with 100 trees.
This time it takes actually more time to train it.
But we should get it very soon.
That's interesting actually.
All right.
We're about to get.
We're about to get a new one.
There we go.
Now we have indeed 100 trees in the random forest.
All right.
And you is operation is still correct as a result.
OK.
And now let's see the computer matrix.
That's where I was telling you still 91 percent.
So it was perhaps better trained on the training set.
But what we get on a test is just the same.
So anyway you know clearly the best model for our days that here you know for classification is Colonel
as GM and Kay nearest neighbours.
So I'm going to put that back to 10.
Right.
Press save run everything again and I'm going to show you.
You know the final visualization results for random for us because it's always good to see it.
You know even if we didn't see the accuracy let's observe them.
Let's actually observe them in the original film because it is right now running.
All right.
So we'll find them at the bottom.
But you know it's the same as the decision tree classification moral right.
Since we get all these plots resulting from each of the decision trees algorithms Well we get kind of
the same prediction regions and prediction boundary as the decision tree.
And so there you go.
That's the results of the training set and below you have the results in the test set and indeed we
see that even if it could be very well trained on the training set well we still have some wrong predictions
here of green customers who fall in the wrong red region.
And there is not much we can do you know when choosing the running for its classification to catch correctly
these customers here.
But I want to say something now you know maybe you want to play with the diverse classification models
we implemented and by playing with them I mean playing with the parameters you know trying different
values of the parameters.
And please let me know.
You know in either private message or in the Q and A if you managed to beat 93 percent you know as a
final accuracy on the test set of course that could be a good challenge.
I think it's possible.
I haven't tried it myself because anyway 93 percent is really good.
But let me know if you succeed I'll be very interested to see how you did it.
All right.
So here we are at the end of this section.
Congratulations for completing it.
Now you have some great tools in your classification tool kit.
Please understand that the best models we got here are just for this data set before your future data
set.
The best more might be another one it might be random forest or it might be native based.
So you have to try all of them.
And speaking of which this is exactly what we'll do next in this part 3.
No we're not done yet.
I'm gonna take all these code templates here that we made.
I'm gonna simplify them you know I'm going to remove all the prints and everything so that it can be
very clear and well-structured and mostly so that you can get very efficient code templates that you
can try and deploy very quickly and efficiently on your data set so that you can quickly figure out
what is the best model.
And that's what we'll do in this last section of part 3.
I can't wait to show you the demo.
You know that same demo we made in part a regression.
We're gonna have this demo of deploying all our classification models and in flashlight we're going
to select the best one.
So take a good break now you really deserve it.
And once you're ready with some good energy well please join me in this final section to deploy all
our classification models in maximum efficiency for any dataset regarding the number of features.
Can't wait to meet you there.
And until then enjoy machine learning.